I got away with a lot on this channel
that I never would have expected to a
jar the scissors the bacon the box but
there's one story that I've been asked
to cover several times throughout the
years and whenever I go back and read it
I think to myself I'm not so sure
YouTube's gonna let me get away with it
this time maybe I don't want to push my
luck
of course since you've read the title of
this video you know that what I'm
talking about is blowfly girl and I
don't really know what would happen
maybe they let me get away with it maybe
they'd give me a strike maybe they'd
monetize it like they monetize the comm
box video who knows it's like a game of
chicken that I play every time I upload
one of these kinds of videos so here's
what I'm gonna do this time I've
uploaded my take on the blowfly Girls
story itself on two-story fire a new
platform by mcjuggernuggets that is
going to let me get away with these
kinds of things without having to worry
about it I'll put the link to that video
in a pinned comment down below but that
being said there's a lot more to blowfly
girl than just the infamous story itself
and that's what I want to explore in
this video the history a blowfly girl
and inside the mind of the author
herself
blowfly girl is probably the most
infamous copypasta of all copypastas and
although as i said i'm not going to be
reading the story itself on youtube i
will give you a summary of it blowfly
girl tells the story of a woman with a
fetish for filth and maggots
one day she repeats her ritual of
secretly pleasuring herself inside of a
dumpster
inside this dumpster she had left behind
the plastic garbage bag full of rotting
meat which had now become infested with
maggots she takes this concoction of
food and bugs and shoves it inside
herself which she derives great
enjoyment from she drives back home
while carrying her precious cargo which
she enjoys for a few days and as she put
it herself other girls have babies but I
give birth to decay in filth the story
ends when she develops a severe
infection and wakes up in a hospital
sounds like fiction right this wild
prosaic story that sounds like something
ripped from the pages of a girl manga
yet during my research I found out that
such things do occur and in fact there
exists a video depicting this very thing
which I'm not gonna show you for very
obvious reasons so what's the deal with
this story where did it come from a lot
of people think that this story simply
appeared one day on 4chan in fact some
sources point to a specific thread on B
in May of 2007 and although this thread
on B definitely contributed to the
popularization of the story it had been
floating around the internet for some
time the first thing we need to look at
is its name blowfly girl the thing is
although the story is often called
blowfly girl that's not actually the
name of the story rather blowfly girl is
the name of the author and the story
itself is something she merely refers to
as her maggot story and this maggot
story created by blowfly girl can be
traced back much further all the way to
geo cities unfortunately blowfly girl's
geo cities page was terminated in 2005
presumably due to its content and if you
try to look at her original accounts on
the internet arc
it's behind an adult content warning
meaning that you had to login to get to
it which means that the incident archive
wasn't able to save it so the very first
incarnation of blowfly girl does not
appear to have been preserved in any way
but if you have it I'd love to see it
after the termination of her account
blowfly girl would return in the new
year on january 1st 2006 this time with
a new yahoo account yahoo ID
blowfly girl - real name deborah
nickname blowfly girl location
northeastern illinois age 27 Merrill
said a single sex female hobbies slowly
destroying myself using my own sick
perversions as a weapon descending into
the depraved little hell I'd created for
myself it all makes me [__] latest news I
can hardly wait for it to get warm a
year so the Flies will come back and
deposit their repulsive little spawn for
me so I could feel them moving and
growing inside me again
I want the maggots to make love to me
and ruin me favorite quote I'd like it
if you'd look at my profile before yeah
I am me she also made single blog posts
entry for January 1st 2006 it's a new
year and I guess that means it's time to
start new things like this blog Yahoo
deleted my old geo cities page a few
months ago lost all of my contacts
hopefully this will last longer this
first blog post had 5 comments
indicating that the story had already
been spreading around the internet at
some points and in particular a man
named Richard had been telling people
about it this new blog however would
quickly fall to the wayside as blowfly
girl would make a different blog this
time on a site called multiply blow fly
girl would post on multiply throughout
the next few years but unfortunately in
2009 this blog too was deleted and
unfortunately like her original
Geocities page this too was not archived
after her multiply account was deleted
blow fly girl wouldn't be heard from for
another few months until she created the
blogspot account which is active until
this very day Saturday August 22nd 2009
Here I am it's been a really long time
I posted anything I lost my job several
months ago and about the same time
multiplied killed my profile there
that's where had I moved all my pics and
blog entries too so it's all gone the
only other place my pics received was on
a PC at work so anyway I was really
unhappy he just didn't feel like
communicating publicly anymore maybe I'm
ready to start again now there was a
story I wrote about my first sexual
adventure with maggots I thought I'd
lost that too until I discovered that
it's been reposted all over the web it
seems to be famous I will put that up
here if this turns out to be a good
place I wrote about my second time too
but it looks like nobody reposted that
it must be really gone it has to do with
a dead deer I found close to i-94 in
Wisconsin about this time last summer if
anyone has seen it around please let me
know I've realized that if too much time
passes I don't write very well
I couldn't possibly rewrite it I'm going
to be 29 next month I haven't had a
boyfriend or even been with the man
since I was 18 my parents don't want to
deal with me because I still refuse to
go back to counseling I'm working at
Target now and I barely have enough
money to keep my apartment and keep my
car running I do make a little extra
money doing alterations on dresses but
it's not much I don't have any future
plans for myself I don't have any
marketable skills I'm totally out of
shape and I've gained some weight I'm up
to a size 14 now and as hard as I've
tried to change I still feel like I'm a
sick perverse filthy Pig inside I've
tried to ignore the desires and
disgusting ideas that come into my head
dangerous things for me to do forcing
myself to get off I always hope I'll
change I've been forcing myself to try
but the ideas never stop coming
so where's that leave me now I continue
to struggle against my talent for
failure pretending to be a normal woman
while living in fear of backsliding and
doing something really bad to myself I
picture myself in metaphor walking and
falling into an open manhole hanging
onto the edge with my fingertips and
struggling to pull myself out I keep
falling in over and over and for a long
time I've been able to get out each time
but I just don't have the energy to
struggle anymore
I want to let myself fall into the sewer
now and let myself sink into everything
that is dark dangerous filthy and
perverse years of writing photos and
memories wiped out in an instant every
single thing she had ever done online
would be gone we're not for the fact
that her one maggot story became
insanely internet famous and this first
post gives an interesting insight into
blowfly girl's mentality on one hand she
is miserable about how her paraphilia
has negatively affects their life but at
the same time she's very proud of the
writing she's produced because of it and
shortly after she made this first book
she were going to repost the famous
maggot story on her own blog this time
receiving comments of various flavors
Jessie thank you for showing me
something new about myself I actually
found myself aroused by your story we
all have perverse parts of ourselves and
one day we will all find someone who
accepts those parts we don't like to
talk about anonymous people who will
accept these things about you are the
people who have sick twisted minds like
you and this blowfly girl you need help
seriously her last post of the year
would discuss being depressed during the
holidays depression I have a really
difficult time at the holidays for some
reason my depression gets worse this
time of year it happens to a lot of
people I guess my problem when I feel
depressed is that I don't ever get out
of bed unless I have to go to work but I
spend too much time sleeping I start
having really vivid dreams not all my
streams either propos'd will go on to
detail the dreams mostly involving
maggots and this kind of discrepancy
between her excitement
for the magnets but also her fear of
people finding out about them and that
December was the last she was heard from
until July 4th of 2010 when she would
attempt to rewrite her dear story dead
deer second maggots story a few of my
old contacts to be emailed me asking if
I would post the story of my second
encounter with maggots it's been about
two years since it happened and I had
written about it the next day on my
multiply page unfortunately multiplied
deleted the page I lost the story and
everything I hadn't kept a copy because
I did everything from a computer at work
it's all gone a lot of detail fades over
time but I tried my best to rewrite the
experience once I got started soba came
back to me and I ended up really
enjoying it I'm glad I took the time
hopefully I haven't missed remembered
anything important it happened on a
Sunday afternoon while I was driving
back home from Milwaukee I can't
remember now whether it was the weekend
of Summerfest or Labor Day but it was
one of the two as I mentioned the
following Monday night I wrote the whole
thing out at work and uploaded it to my
multiply page I even got brave and took
some pictures before my hands got too
dirty I uploaded a couple of those to
the page - only the ones that I felt
safe showing not a lot of me in them not
a lot of my flabby disgusting pale body
in them actually I really wish I had
even those few back multiplied didn't
respond to my email when I asked and the
revelation that pictures existed shines
a bit of a different light on this story
you see one of the biggest debates
around blowfly girl is whether this was
an actual thing that happened or whether
or not it was just someone's attempt at
writing fiction if actual pictures were
to exist of her experiences it would
definitely lead a lot of credence to the
fact that this is in fact the true story
but of course the multiply blog which
those pictures allegedly resided on is
now gone and has never been archived and
even if the pictures did exist it's not
necessarily proof that the events
described happen just that at some point
she was in close proximity to a maggot
ridden deer corpse after this her next
post would be detailing her feelings
about turning 30 I'll be turning 30 this
month
I guess that's supposed to be a
milestone but I'm pretty sure nobody's
planning a surprise party for me or
anything I can't think of anybody in my
life who'd want to do that it's my own
fault for being such a loner
I don't mind turning 30 when I was
younger I had expectations about what my
life would be like at 30 I was way off
the mark I thought that I'd be working
professionally as a costume designer for
theater and movies living in a trendy
loft condo somewhere in Lincoln Park or
something surrounded by smart
sophisticated friends well none of that
is materialized yet considering my
history of not being able to hold a job
for very long I guess I should feel
lucky that I'm employed at all right now
especially with the bad economy and
everything I have my own apartments and
I have a car to drive though I am still
heavily subsidized by my parents as my
dad says they don't mind I'm sure
they're very relieved that I've been
emotionally stable I guess I should set
a goal to actually do something useful
for myself this year do something
besides slowly destroying myself during
my perversion for filth I mean so far
what have I done I nearly killed myself
60 years ago having sex with blowfly
maggots wrote about it on my old geo
cities page and the story became mildly
infamous as one of the most disgusting
stories on the Internet
my gynecologist says that she can tell
I'm unable to get pregnant anymore at
least I'm well on my way to destroying
myself it's an achievement seriously
though I have to mention that I've read
comments on my blog and gotten emails
from people wishing me well and hoping I
will seek help if you're one of them
thank you for being concerned really
sincerely you sound like nice
compassionate people but I'm okay while
I was growing up my parents made me go
to counseling see psychiatrists take
antidepressants all sorts of stuff I'm
happier without any help and I'm only a
danger to myself a very small percentage
of the time there's a lot more to my
life that I don't discuss on my blog
that if you knew about you'd see I'm
pretty normal and at this point a lot of
her blog starts to focus on her work
situation in particular she's very
unhappy with her low-paying target job
but at the same time she's very
dependent on the
health insurance especially with her
frequent health issues such as the
pinworm infection she developed after an
interaction with a fan the fan wrote her
about how much they appreciated her work
and sent her a story called Julie's
slide into depravity and the thing is
glow fly girl had already read this
story in fact although she commented
that there are things bad that she
intensely disliked like the violence for
instance she actually credited it with
helping her discover her interest in
maggots this interaction caused her to
read the story one more time and this
time she became interested in one of the
character's interactions with [__]
she went out and recreated this
interaction with [__] and it led to
her developing an unseemly pinworm
infection and just so happened that at
the time blowfly girl became sick once
again and was dependent on her target
health insurance that she got an offer
to go back to her old job this job which
was at a law office was much better
paying than target but at the same time
they didn't give health insurance so she
found herself kind of stuck in a
situation because of her health problems
ultimately though a few months would
pass and she returned to tell her fans
that she did in fact accept the job
offer new job I'm back working in the
law office now
I quit target that's the first time I
ever left a job without being fired how
depressing is that the attorney that I'm
working for the one who asked me to come
back is actually a friend of my dad's
going back to when I was little I'm
suspicious that he was doing my dad a
favor by asking me to come back it would
explain why he's also agreed to put me
on the health insurance plan the rest of
the office staff is on yeah anyway this
is the best job I've ever had and I'm
grateful to have a second chance at it I
don't mean to disappoint but I've been
kind of a clean girl lately probably
just haven't been depressed enough since
I started the new job I cleaned up the
apartment a little bit enough to realize
I had an ant problem last summer but
didn't notice I separated out the empty
pizza boxes from the stacks of magazines
- I even put makeup on for the first
time in ages no reason just felt good to
do it anyway anybody who's reading this
has probably already done it but
I googled blowfly girl recently I had no
idea how much attention the stuff I've
written has gotten looks like the
consensus is that I must be sick in the
head well duh what's funny are blog
comments and forums where people shock
each other by posting links to my
stories
she also for the first time confronts
the ramifications of her having created
this story
I'm not going to betray any confidences
but I think it's worth mentioning that
I've been exchanging emails with someone
who has had an experience with maggots
similar to mine she got the idea from
reading about what I did I'm pretty sure
she's sincere she knows way too much
about what maggots do when you mess
around with them and how they feel in
your body either that or she studies
insects for a living and she's just
playing with me I'm not sure how I feel
about having inspired someone's do that
to themselves her post will become a bit
more sparse throughout 2011 in part due
to the fact that she got hacked and she
deleted all the racist comment that the
hacker posted however she would drop by
to inform people that she did actually
manage to hold down her law office job
and blow fly girl would return in May of
2012 which as of now is the last
long-form blowfly girl story finally
some fun it was just getting light out
Monday morning when I started driving
home from work it was overcast and grey
and wet and my mind was mostly on
getting some sleep but as I drove I also
began thinking about how bored I was I
really have been bored on the spur of
the moment I decided to go have some fun
no idea what but it's been way too long
since I've had any I had all day I got
on the Eisenhower and started heading
west
traffic was already slow and I wondered
if I'd made a mistake but soon I was on
i-88 which was clear randomly at a Zadeh
route 59 by Aurora kept driving and
started looking around for something
interesting all the sudden I was at Fox
Valley Mall I hadn't been there in many
years
there's a road that rings the parking
lots outside the mall
I drove slowly along the road circling
the mall a couple times hoping something
would catch my eye and wondering what
kind of fun I can make for myself
outside a mall that isn't open yet
there's a Greek restaurant on the west
side of the mall it has its own building
and its own parking lot the lot was
empty I drove around the back of the
restaurant and saw a wooden enclosure
where they keep their dumpster but it
was a pretty big enclosure for just the
dumpster I stopped and got out the car
to take a look could be interesting and
as she explored the Greek restaurant
dumpster she went on to reenact much of
what happened in the original maggot
story filling herself up with octopus
tentacles chicken bones shrimp tails and
driving all the way home without
removing the contents and she described
how not depriving herself of that kind
of excitement made her feel alive once
again I wasted a lot of time denying
myself it's been way more than a year
since I did anything like this I kept
thinking that it was my depression that
made me want to do things to myself and
that if I succumbed to the desire I'd
end up backsliding again losing my job
and everything I've worked so hard for I
was and I am really scared of that ever
happening but maybe I don't have to be
dead inside all the time I went to work
last night and everything is fine maybe
I'm a depraved filthy Pig who can also
hold a job she would post very
sporadically over the course of the next
few years speaking very frankly about
dealing with her depression and thanking
her readers for their support she would
also speak in detail about software
upgrades at her job and considering
going back to school to become a
paralegal she also made a post
documenting her difficulty with being
intimate with people and in particular a
date with a man named Eli she regretted
not inviting him inside after he dropped
her off but she was hopeful to see him
again and after a bit of a break she
would return in 2016 to reflect on the
blog as a whole
it's April 24th 2016 I posted something
I started my blowfly girl blog here
mostly because of the feedback I got
when I shared that first experience I
had with maggots I posted that first
story first on my GOC
Paige yes that long ago so many people
had things to say to me whether curious
concerned disgusted or extremely erotic
that I wanted to keep posting whenever I
did anything interesting and that's
where this blog came from I'm an
extremely shy introverted girl who found
a way to share my dark side also to be
honest just hearing from people who
found my experiences erotic has been
extremely erotic for me too but it's
been a long time perhaps I've changed as
I've gotten older ironically I fantasize
now about doing things to myself they're
far more extreme than anything I ever
did for real but I've lost the courage
with exceptions to actually do them and
I wonder if people are interested in
hearing any more from an approaching
middle-aged woman instead of the nicely
plump horny and pervy young girl I was
who wrote about that first experience I
don't know maybe I'm wrong I could be
very self-conscious anyway this blog
isn't dead not yet anyway I'll continue
posting depending on what my readers
email me about I have learned that for
sure that not many people are interested
in my job my dating fails I guess things
didn't work out with Eli or my cat
though I'll happily complain about any
of them upon request don't comment here
spam has taken over email me and as of
now the last post on her blog was made
in January of 2017 it's a brief post in
which she basically just documents her
favorite comments that she's received
throughout the years I read my comments
welcome 2017 I have nothing new to talk
about except that I read through my
whole blog today I'm actually kind of
sad right now because it's been such a
long time since I've done anything
horrible worth writing about I also read
the comments on my blog I never have
before
some of it is spam obviously and other
comments are invitations to Jesus but
some of the rest are just priceless
I've missing out I guess this is one
benefit of having a blog online for a
few years
amazed to read your blog funeral
programs to Memorial programs are
gaining popularity because they provide
grievers with another way of
memorializing my 10 year old cousin read
the
story in front of his mother while she
was eating I I don't want to live on
this earth any longer
beautiful and inspiring I have played
with roaches in Contin as many times we
seem to have common ground here I'm glad
you're doing well please don't do any
more of these things they sound
dangerous xxxx the story of blowfly girl
is really unique that it's really at
this point a 15 plus year old story that
made her legendary yet she kept up the
blog for so many years and it's through
this blog that we got to see into the
mind of the person who wrote it
ostensibly the star of the story and
watched them evolve throughout the years
I would all that in mind you still have
to ask was this a real story was it made
up or maybe it was some kind of blend of
the two where maybe you had a person who
really had these thoughts but only ever
enacted them through their writing I'll
put a poll up to see what you guys think
it is but that's all for now if you guys
enjoyed this video you'll probably also
like any of the videos in my playlist
about gross internet stories peace out
[Music]
[Applause]